# Week 8 Sprint Planning Meeting

---

## 05/20/25

---

## Attendance

---

- [x] Ada
- [x] Parwiz
- [] Kevin William
- [] Arturo
- [x] Rahul
- [x] Ayaka
- [x] Alexander
- [x] Andrew
- [x] Hui
- [x] Gaurav
- [x] Teoman

## Agenda

---

1. Standup: issues progress update
   1. Ada: completed ci-cd pipeline refinement, implemented Codacy checking
   2. Ayaka: made custom component for navbar, finished Homepage
   3. Alex & Teoman: made UI for card editor page and custom component for the toolbar
2. Pipeline run through
   1. Message slack when you make a pull request and have addressed any failing tests
   2. Review PRs, then allow merge
   3. Will create a documentation pass through issue, to make sure we're documentating functions with JSDocs
   4. We code reviewed Ayaka's pull request together and merged it into main
3. Progress demo video
   1. Alex and Teoman will pull Ayaka's changes to main and link the homepage to editor
   2. Google Meet call at 9:30 pm to record demo and talk about app status: Ada, Andrew, Alex, Teoman
4. Issues for this sprint
   1. [Background color picker](https://github.com/orgs/CSE110-22-TrojanHorses/projects/1/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=111266019&issue=CSE110-22-TrojanHorses%7Ccse110-sp25-group22%7C17) -> @gauravn17
   2. [Card flip functionality](https://github.com/orgs/CSE110-22-TrojanHorses/projects/1/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=111243756&issue=CSE110-22-TrojanHorses%7Ccse110-sp25-group22%7C10) -> @bathui, wait on pushed changes from Alex and Teoman
   3. New issues: ADR for Codacy use, implementation of Pupeteer for interaction tests -> Andrew

## Summary and Actions

- follow up with William and Arturo to make sure they're caught up -> @parwiz
- record and submit video at 9:30 pm -> Ada, Alex, Teoman, Andrew
- Clear 30 minutes from schedule for sprint review on Thurs -> everyone
- issues work for team!
